---
title:        "website v4"
description:  "the fourth iteration of my website because i am very not good at this"
project-type:	
  code:
    - html
    - sass
    - css
    - js
  design:
    - web
started:      2020-02-14
finished:     "tba"
progress:	  0.1
status:       "wip"
header-image: ""
---

I am really bad at this type of thing, huh? 

Well, fourth time's the charm, I suppose!

# 20 february 2020

Wow, what a date, huh? I'm actually starting to write posts and all the sort. that's pretty cool. I'm also going to start writing these progress logs. 

But before that, let's talk about the things before today, when I started this project.

## before today

Why did i scrap and rebuild my website again? Because i didn't like it. I was bad at the code, the code was also messy and all the sort, and so I just wanted to start over - simpler, this time. Something not overly complex. Except I *am* very much overcomplicating this.

## plans for all of this mess

I want a website with a blog and a project list. I want it to automatically update for each post. I also want to be able to write all of my posts in markdown because I absolutely hate messing with HTML, despite the fact that what I'm going to do now is a horrible idea.

I also want to try messing around with sass.

So... how will i do this? 

### sass

I want to figure out how to use sass, and so I'm just going to rewrite the stylesheet in sass. why? it just sounds fun.

### the posts

This one's going to be a nightmare. I'm going to be writing a script (probably in C#) that will turn the Markdown files into actual HTML files in `/blog` and in `/projects`. This (should) also add an item under the respective tab in `index.html`. I'm hoping this doesn't end horribly. I'm crossing my fingers.

#### update 01

sass isn't too bad. i like it.

#### update 02

I've chosen a  library: MarkDig. It has little documentation, though. With my very limited knowledge on C#, I'll do my best!

#### update 03 (7:38PM)

this was a mistake

# 21 february 2020